I'm in my 50's and studying calc on my own (again).  I already studied it back in college and got good grades.  So far I like the book because it also has application of calculus (which my calc book back in college didn't have)Read full review...
I love the fact that it has an index where you can review things you mightve forgotten about, like trig and logs and even some algebra. Theyre even nice enough to include practice problems with odd answers to them which is just awesome. The material is very easy to follow and the cd included is great if your stuck..however I did have to look for osme outside help for a few choice problems. Having the same text for calc 1 and 2 is just  abonus, because who wants to buy another $100 + book..seriosuly.Read full review...
This Book is the book that contains calc 1 2 and 3 for Arizona State University at least.  The difference between this book and some of the others like it is that it does have all the chapters in it.  Some of the books only have chapter 1-12 and stop before getting into 3d vector calc.  There is also another book that covers chapters 12-17 which is for calc 3.  This book has all 1-17 chapters for a full three semesters worth of reading.Read full review...
This book does a very good job at making you understand each section. My teacher is horrible so i've relied on teaching myself everything from the book. The author did a terrific job at giving you detailed explanations and easy to understand. Of course you have to know at least pre-calculus to understand certain terms but you can definitely mangage.Read full review...
WARNING: Book contains advanced and complex Mathematical problems and teaches skill sets necessary to solve them which may lead to symptoms such as headache, anxiety, insomnia, and irritability.
This book is (was) used by the best colleges in california.  it is complete, well written, and a great book to learn calculus or to have as a reference.if you are in a community college and it is not using this book, or a similar book written by Stewart, i recomend you ask the school to adopt the book, or reference this book while you work with your own book because numerous college programs use or are based on the Stewart book.Read full review...
a good book. fully recommended! i bought this book to help me to get good results for math 140 and it helps a lot. however, i don't really use some of the examples given because it is in other forms and my school has different formats. but whatever it is this book is great!Read full review...
I like this book because it was cheaper online than at my campus bookstore. The book is just what I needed to get through class and saved me money. The only dislike about this book is the fact that it doesn't have formula pages in the beginning or at the end of the book. Do all International books come this way? I compared it to other student's books and that was the only difference. I hope they consider adding these formula pages like their other editions.ThanksRead full review...
As far as math books go, it was fine.  Most people buying this book have to have it for class so there isn't much choice involved.  But I did do well in the class.  It does tend to skip some steps in examples it shows because it assumes you know it or can figure it out, which is tough some times.  I highly suggest to get the solutions manual as well because instead of just the answers to the odd problems, it shows you the steps of how to do the problems.Read full review...
It really makes Calculus a lot simpler than it appears to be. If you are taking introductory calculus, than this is the book for you. It breaks down large, complicated problems into smaller, simpler problems that are easy to answer. You wouldn't even need an instructor in order to learn calculus with this book.Read full review...
This book is by far the most widely used book for teaching Calculus in the United States.  Most will be buying without a choice so a review is somewhat pointless.  However, I have used this book for 2 years and am very pleased with it.  The examples are very helpful and Stewart tries to explain as much as is possible while staying true to professional math speech.Read full review...
It's a good Calculus book. It explains things well and gives plenty of example problems, and has a review of pre-calculus in the first chapter. I don't have any other caclulus book to compare with this one to list any dislikes.Read full review...
In comparison with the price, the product was really nice.I am happy to get it.I like the book, as it covers the cal-1,cal-2 and cal-3. It has nice examples as well.Dislike is that the solution book is torn in some sense.Overall i am happy.Read full review...
I actually purchased the book for my son's college course. It was the required text. He does like the book. It's easy to follow.
I purchased this book as for my daughter who is taking colege calculus.  She uses it as reference material.  Book was less expense then the used ones the college was selling.
Very Nice book. easy to understand, simple explanation as well as detailed examples,  even My high school kid understands it.. Great book
Concise Chapters. Clear examples. Not intimidating. Good variety of problems. Had another book before and this author explains the same topics much clearer. Very recommended. Excellent Calculus learning tool. It is somewhat heavy as a book but very good.Read full review...
I would recomend you buy the international version off of half.com, it is much cheaper... just comes with a paper back... well worth the discount... and your ability to stick it to the man
Was not in the condition advertised, although it wasn't terrible. Make sure that you don't need the newer edition of this book for your specific class. If you do, the only thing different is the end of chapter questions, so if you don't have to do those, you should have no problem using this one instead.Read full review...
great book to learn calculus with, however its language and variables may confuse many. Use it all 3 semesters for calculus, even when it was the older edition... the newer edition is very similar.
Excellent product that was exactly what I wanted.  I was looking for a cheap version of the book and this html was what I needed.  Instead of paying 80 bucks for a book that I would only need for two quarters, this 5 dollar deal was much smarter and made my classmates a little jealous to say the least.Read full review...
Bought it for an online class. Great product. Resourceful.Early Transcendentals by James Stewart (2002, CD-ROM / Hardcover)has good examples. I would have liked to see more examples though.
This book has everything needed for a student learning calculus!  Great examples and easy to follow format that allows for easy study!
I bought this book because I am taking 3 semesters of Calculus in college. James Stewart is a good author, he explains Calculus very well and gives really good examples.  Craig
I bought this book for Calculus one and two for my college credits, it is an ok book as far as learning from. need a supplement to really help understand calculus or a really good teacher. but the book was required for my class.Read full review...
I've had it for a few days, and I like it. Good explanations, and one of the examples I went through was pretty neat. I bought the book to brush up so I could tutor, and I think this book will do the job wellRead full review...
well so far this book has helped me get a D, but the semester isnt done yet.. so we'll see......i cant really say if i like it..
It was required for a class. it's just like any other calc book. The table in the from and back are perforated and come out easily. They tend to fall out with normal use and you either have to tape them back in or carry them around with you.Read full review...
This book is a required book for your class in most locations.  The examples given by James Stewart will guide you through Calculus.  It is a good reference book to keep on hand.  Highly Recommended.
I took calc in high school, and now I'm taking the second part in college.I this book is good and has some good examples.
this textbook was required for my second semester calculus class.......................................................
I bought the Calculus by James Stewart (2002, Illustrated, Package).I was impressed by the available on this inexpensive book. No complaint
IT is a good book with the adequate means necessary for me to complete my school work.  I got this for my calculus class
I like its cover. but there is only brief explain or steps on each examples and questions. Sometimes I can not understand what they are saying....
Reminds me of college, and going back to college. I needed to go back to school to find a better job.
