I like this book because it gives the basics so the student does not get lost.  It has been years since I have taken a math course, and need to complete this one as a prerequisite for an MBA program.  Since I work full time, I am taking this course on line and so appreciate the extra help I get from this book to cover all the topics.  The illustrations are great and the book also includes a diagnostic test so you can brush up on trig, algebra and geometry you need for calculus but may have forgotten.  The CD format is very convenient and I can easily take the book with me so I have it available to study during my lunch break.Read full review...
I like the simplicity of the instructions.  It doesn't try to overwhelm the reader with over complex methods and examples.  It seems to borrow from the KISS method (Keep It Simple Stupid) which makes learning enjoyable.  I've used Thomas' Calculus book in the past and it was a hard read and was somewhat confusing.  After changing schools and using this book it focuses more on strategy building for using Calculus, which is what I needed.  Kudos to Stewart and the International Edition is fine for me, and cheaper.  I got the India version, collect the whole set.Read full review...
Buy this book. You will spend less for better quality.The content is very nearly IDENTICAL to the standard textbooks. Some problems are in metric units, but as this is calculus, relatively few problems utilize units at all. For the books used by the University of Minnesota, this is an excellent deal. You would spend $105.00 on a USED PAPERBACK book.Be sure, however, to read thoroughly. I will say it again that SOME questions ARE in metric units, but otherwise identical to the indentations and colouring of the page.Read full review...
I've used this book for my Calculs II and III classes in college. It's a big book, but it covers a lot of topics. Everything from basic derivatives in the first few chapters to partial derivatives and double and triple integrals towards the end. It's nice to have all of that in one place. The examples and work are laid out nicely and fairly easy to follow. The use of pictures and applications help to clarify concepts.Read full review...
Very good book. It explains Calculus in laymans terms. I love the slow pace of the author. He does not rush into complicated concepts. The book is a comprehensive textbook on calculus covering most topics. I don't have to take calculus for my coursework but yet, I bought it. This book got me interested in calculus.Read full review...
I think it is edition 6, so I buy it. But it turn out to be edition 5. that sucks. Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Don't buy it.Read full review...
I used this product without a course to teach myself calculus. I had tried a few other calculus books, but Stewart is the best. The material is explained in a systematic fashion, and the exercises are very helpful. It is possible to gain a firm grasp on each concept being presented without the aid of a lecturer or a university course if you just read through each chapter and work through the problems.Early Transcendentals covers the same material as Stewart's Calculus, but the chapters are ordered differently so as to cover the natural growth function and logarithms early in the course.Read full review...
Not happy at all.  I have nothing to review, the seller charged my card and didn't even send me the book.  I contacted the seller several times and never got a response.  So, I have nothing to review positively.  I had to go and purchase another book and now I am out $108.  I submitted a claim and now I have to wait 30 days to see if I am going to get re-imbursed. In the meantime, I have to pay the bill and be out the money.  After having good experiences ordering on this sight, now I am not comfortable ordering again.Read full review...
This book is an india edition which printed in black/white. After comparing to US edition for the 1st chapter there are too many problems observed including missing all the light colored prints, different exercises, missing preview and more.It feels and looks too cheap. I don't want to give my kid a book which is misleading, that will be too costly on the study.Read full review...
I bought the textbook: Calculus Early Transcendental and I'm very happy with my purchase. It's a great book to learn calculus from. It will last me many classes and levels of calculus. My only complaint is that it's a little heavy (weight-wise) but not heavy as in dense material. Overall I'd recomment this book if you're learning calculus.Read full review...
I felt that my professors couldn't have chosen a better calculus text. It breaks down the methods to solve the problems, gives plenty of examples, has a lot of visual aids, practice problems, and the chapters continue to use what you've already learned, helping you retain that knowledge.Read full review...
It is very good. The book with a good qualityAnd i receive this book within two weeksYou are very efficient, since it's urgent for me.although the prince as same as the used one, the quality is very goodbut the corner was broken. it's probably broken in the delivering.Read full review...
Great!!!
If you're in a tight spot, I would definitely reccomend getting the e-book version of this textbook. It's much more affordable and it contains all the same information.
Why would I buy this book for close to two hundred dollars???? This was a great buy, and all that is missing from the US edition is the nice pictures. The only problem would be that the questions are all bunched togethere at the end of the chapter...Read full review...
I was not happy with this purchase because it said in the information it was the calculus early transcendental by James Stewart, hardcover 2007, but when I got it, it was a copy on CD in a PDF file. I thought I was getting a textbook, not a book on CD in a PDF file. I didn't read all the information carefully and I missed this information. Read everything more than once before you order anything.Read full review...
Great text, a little on the expensive side however.  Easy to follow along if you are trying to self study.  Very popular text used at many universities!
I bought this book because it was required for my class. I use it a couple times a week for homework problems and the odd answers are in the back which is very helpful. I like this book because my teacher uses the examples and copies them down and more thoroughly explains them. Great book.Read full review...
I'm happy w/ my purchase cause I pay $13 for it and in my school bookstore it cost more than $100. The one I bought It is on adobe reader but it has all the pages. the only thing that i don't like is that i have to be sitting in front of the computer to do my homework but I save a lot of money.Read full review...
When I purchased this product I was sure I was going to get a book. I was in way aware that I was getting a pdf file. Sure, I got the pdf file, but that was not what I wanted. Just to tell other people, this is not a book, this is a pdf file. I cannot do math with a pdf file. I need the actual book. Waste of my money.Read full review...
This is a great book to self study calculus with. There are clear examples and plenty of practice problems to hone those math skills!  Buy this book for Calculus class!!
I liked the book because it was detailed with step by step examples.  At times it was confusing but I don't know many math books that aren't.  I liked that I could use it for Calc I, II, and III at my university.Read full review...
Even though before i bought the ebook,i thought it was a textbook.this, in a way,help me to try a new method to study.So,i'm gad i have bought it .Overall,i think it's worth buying!
book in great condition just wrong version needed for school. had to send back and find another copy of the complete book
This book is perfect for my math course. It has more than what I need. Book has both single and multivariable calculus
I loved that it was in digital format so that I could print only what I needed. Although I had to find a program that would allow me to print just the paged I wanted and not the whole book. Keeps me green! Thanks again!!Read full review...
this book.. well.. another calculus book.. perhaps...it will be better accompanied by solution manual
Although the I just get an old version and I hate the seller, I have to commit the book is nice. It provide a lot of exercises and examples for math learners to make a progress on math!
The book was in the Indian version, obviously couldn't read it since we speak English. We purchased the book from another company and the book has been excellent for my daughter to use in college.
I am giving an average review. The book I received was not the book pictured. This was not entirely their fault. The international description was given at the bottom, I did not read all the way down. Although the us version was pictured.Read full review...
It was a required textfor my class, but it turned out to be a nicely compiled, useful book. There is alot of helpful reveiw in addition to clearly laid out directions.
Got the item with in 12 hours of buying it. Got the complete textbook on pdf. from the title page to the blank pages in the back.
The info on the book was misleading because I thought it was the whole book but it is actually just the first 6 chapters which explains the price. Other than that everything else was good.
Calculus Early Transcendental by James Stewart (2007) is a great Math book.I love Calculus Early Transcendental by James Stewart (2007)
I needed it for my calculus classes, It is very helpful, it includes removable  pages that help you to remember many important formulas, identities, etc.
Bought cause I needed the book for my class. It was a little more banged up then I anticipated. That wasn't clearly stated when I was looking to buy the book.
this was the best deal i ever got and was really convinient because i just downloaded it and saved it on my flash drive intead of caring the big bulky book.
Great seller. Responded quickly and received the book without any trouble. Accurate description of the item. Book was probably in better condition than mentioned! Will buy again!
This product is nice. If you like e-books, it'll work. You might have to flip through a lot of pages on your screen to get to where you want. If you can handle it, this is a great idea
I needed it for calculus.  It was a disc, so I didn't even open it.  I immediately sent it back and got a refund. I sent it back because I really needed the textbook.
I have really liked this book so far. I like all the examples and figures they use in the text before the problems for each section.
Awesome service. send it real quick and it was exactly what i wanted for a good price. and i like the fact that it was brand new and such a good price they put it at.
it's a greate book even it's a little bit expensive,i want to nkow if it comes with "manaul solution book" or no.tanks
I'm planning on taking a calculus class in the next month or so. I decided to get an early start on goiing throught the book so that I familiar with it.
I am very upset about this purchase....first of all I got charged for this book and I am still waiting for the book (THIS HAS BEEN OVER 1 MONTH A HALF). I have attempted to get information about the book twice so far with no response.HELP!!!!!!!!!Read full review...
This textbook was received in good fashion and was as advertised. It was way cheaper than those at the university book store. Good buy.
I LOVE THE FACT I ONLY PAID FIFTEEN DOLLARS FOR IT COMPARED TO 2OO HUNDRED AT THE CAMPUS BOOKSTORE.  IT CAN BE A BOTHERSOME TO ALWAYS DOWNLOAD CERTAIN PAGES FROM YOUR LAPTOP OR PC BUT IN ALL A PRETTY GOOD INVESTMENT.Read full review...
bad he didn't send me a book. i sended email two or three times. he didn't give me any answer. because of him i cann't study for calculus.
cant say ive had other calculus textbooks, just bought it out of requirement for a class. Im going to enjoy doing my homework of this book!
If you need to learn from this book, forget it! It's way of explaining things is really hard to understand. Just get a good teacher / tutor.
I liked the fact that the book was at a great price. I'm in college workking fultime and fulltime school, so saving any kind of money is great for me.
I am disappointed I did not recieve a CD for this purchase.I  wonder if it is a legal purchase.I asked the seller why I did not recieve a CD but did not get a response to my inquire.
Thank you for the book, I got it within two days, and it was exactly what I needed for my class. The book is in good condition :)
I love that I saved money by buying this book thru ebay-I purchased this because my daughter needed it for her college education
The textbook turn out good,but did not recieve in mint condition as described. I bought the book for a class.
